Copy Assignment (operator=)

    Purpose: The copy assignment operator assigns the contents of one object to another existing object, making a copy of the data.
    Mechanism:
        It typically involves copying all the members from the source object to the destination object.
        For classes with dynamic resources (like heap memory), a deep copy might be performed, meaning that new memory is allocated, and the content is copied.
    Result: Both the original and the copied object are independent of each other.
    Example:

    cpp

    MyClass obj1;
    MyClass obj2;
    obj2 = obj1;  // Copy assignment: obj2 gets a copy of obj1's data

Move Assignment (operator=)

    Purpose: The move assignment operator transfers ownership of resources from one object (typically a temporary one) to another, leaving the source object in a valid but unspecified state.
    Mechanism:
        Instead of copying the data, it "moves" the resources (like pointers) from the source object to the destination object.
        The source object is typically left in a state where it no longer owns those resources, but it is still in a valid state (e.g., its pointers might be set to nullptr).
    Result: The destination object takes over the resources of the source object, which is left in an empty or default state.
    Example:

    cpp

    MyClass obj1;
    MyClass obj2;
    obj2 = std::move(obj1);  // Move assignment: obj2 takes over obj1's resources

Key Differences

    Copy Assignment: Duplicates the contents; both objects remain independent.
    Move Assignment: Transfers ownership of resources; the source object is left in a valid but unspecified state, and only the destination object owns the resources.

Summary

    Use copy assignment when you need a duplicate of the object with independent resources.
    Use move assignment when you want to transfer resources efficiently from one object to another, especially when dealing with temporary objects or large resources.